Document caveats for 2.x to 3.x loki helm chart upgrades (#11199)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/setup/upgrade/upgrade-from-2x/index.md

You will need to manually delete the existing stateful set for the above command to work.

#### Notable changes

> The `grafana/loki` used `Secret` as storage for configuration, you can set `.loki.existingSecretForConfig` to continue using secret or migrate your configuration to `ConfigMap`. Specifying the loki config in `values.yaml` is still available. In the old chart it was under `.config`, the new chart allows specifying either `.loki.config` or `.loki.structuredConfig` which takes precedence over the former alternative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `grafana/loki` chart used `Secret` as storage for configuration.  You can set `.loki.existingSecretForConfig` to continue using `Secret` or migrate your configuration to a `ConfigMap`. Specifying the Loki config in `values.yaml` is still available. In the old chart it was under `.config`, the new chart allows specifying either `.loki.config` or `.loki.structuredConfig` which takes precedence.
```

> Similarly when using `extraVolumes`, the configuration is now nested under `.singleBinary.extraVolumes` or `.read.extraVolumes` + `.write.extraVolumes` if you decide to migrate to loki scalable mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly when using `extraVolumes`, the configuration is now nested under `.singleBinary.extraVolumes` or `.read.extraVolumes` + `.write.extraVolumes` if you decide to migrate to the Loki scalable deployment mode.
```

#### Dependencies

> The `grafana/loki` chart was used to install purely **loki**. New chart since `v3.x` also bundles two dependencies - **minio** and **grafana-agent-operator**. If you have already installed any of these tools independently and wish to continue managing them that way, you can explicitly disable these dependencies in your `values.yaml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `grafana/loki` chart was only used to install Loki. New charts since `v3.x` also bundle two dependencies - **minio** and **grafana-agent-operator**. If you have already installed either of these independently and wish to continue managing them separately, you can explicitly disable these dependencies in your `values.yaml` as shown in the following examples:
```
